there is also a triangle here it's right
under your kunai and it's called a
cannon Folsom this triangle here we also
want to lift it because once and if I
had a q-tip you just put a q-tip under
anything you see the volume that this
can give you so I like to fill this
first before actually doing all this
line because once you put some volume
there it lives the entire face this here
like I said this is a depression I don't
know if you see a doctor right here
we're gonna try to fill that too and
like I said this lines here cannot be
corrected with fat you need major
resurfacing or other type of things to
tell them because they're too too
superficial so we're gonna again trace
that line from the National ayla
to the upper cheek and if we divide that
line into point two thirds so first
third second third and the third one
this is where most of our fat injection
is gonna be we're gonna put some and
like I said fat cannot be put in lick
lines okay not you have to actually fill
in the lip a little bit to do it and
when you want to fill the lip you always
use a one cc syringe to make sure that
you never put a big amount because you
can just have and mistakenly put more
fat than what you want yeah what sorry
you gonna actually address those lines
yes yes with a little bit further her
lips yeah okay so you are just a little
bit and in the lips unfortunately is
where fat leaves the most because we
speak all the time so don't be too
worried if you find you're in the church
because I promise in two weeks it's
gonna come down significantly okay and
let's just feel this triangle here and
like I said it's called aconite Folsom
and you always want to fill that to lift
volume from the top to the bottom and
that's why here we would start in the
upper face we do first we do cheeks
second and then this we do third because
once we do cheeks look look at yourself
honey so you see you see once we put the
volume look at how your face starts
changing so you see it requires less
volume on the bottom it's just that
you've lost a lot of water okay any
Botox will do that for you okay no no
because you haven't lost any volume in
your forehead eaters you just have a lot
of contraction of that muscle - so frown
frown for me look how strong you just
need a little Botox here and here and
that will take care of those two lines
and that's much simpler and less painful
than putting that in there okay my
recommendation will be that after you
two bar tops at least two three months
after when is there in the second time
okay to do pili even by laser or like
quality opinion